List out the {{{.}}} hack to show all variables (#3711)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/alerts-cases/alerts/rule-action-variables.md

When rendered into Markdown and then HTML and viewed in an email client, it looks like this:

![Email template rendered in an email client](/explore-analyze/images/kibana-email-mustache-template-rendered.png "")

## Debugging Rule Variables [debugging-rule-action-variables]

> For diagnostic or exploratory purposes, you can list all available variables and their content. To do this, use the `{{{.}}}` triple-brace Mustache tag in your connector's body (for example, in an email message or a webhook payload).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For diagnostic or exploratory purposes, you can list all available variables and their content. To do this, use the `{{{.}}}` triple-brace Mustache tag in your connector's body. For example, in an email message or a webhook payload.
```

This tag renders the entire variable context as a JSON object in the action's output. Reviewing this output helps you understand the data structure and identify the correct variable paths to use in your templates, such as `{{context.reason}}` or `{{rule.name}}`.

> Here is an example of the JSON output you might see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following block is an example of the JSON output you can get using this method:
```
